Rename map operator name (#1497)
hpi-sam/digital-fuesim-manv: CHANGELOG.md

- Add documentation for most features and integrate it with the software.
- Zooming the map via touch input can be disabled by both trainers and participants per device. This helps preventing accidental zooming if multiple participants are working on a single device simultaneously.

### Changed

> - In the client overview table, the following has been renamed: 'Rolle' to 'Modus', 'Ansicht' to Kartenansicht', 'nicht zugewiesen' to 'Gesamte Karte'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In the client overview table, the following has been renamed for more consistency: 'Rolle' to 'Modus', 'Ansicht' to 'Kartenansicht', 'nicht zugewiesen' to 'Gesamte Karte'.
```
